docs: fix typos, improve clarity and structure across plugin guides (#2321)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/database/database-migrations.md

# Database Migrations

> Migrations are PHP classes used to manage incremental and reversible database schema changes. Shopware comes with a pre-built Migration System, to take away most of the work for you. Throughout this guide, you will find the `$` symbol representing your command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrations are PHP classes used to manage incremental and reversible database schema changes. Shopware comes with a pre-built migration system to take away most of the work for you. Throughout this guide, you will find the `$` symbol representing your command line.
```

            └── SwagBasicExample.php
```

> As you can see there is one file in the `<plugin root>/src/Migration` directory. Below you'll find a breakdown of what each part of its name means.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, there is one file in the `<plugin root>/src/Migration` directory. Below you'll find a breakdown of what each part of its name means.
```

As you can see, your migration contains three methods:

* `getCreationTimestamp()`
* `update()`
* `updateDestructive()`

> There is no need to change `getCreationTimestamp()`, it returns the timestamp that's also part of the file name. In the `update()` method you implement non-destructive changes which should always be **reversible**. The `updateDestructive()` method is the follow up step, that is run after `update()` and used for **destructive non-reversible changes**, like dropping columns or tables. Destructive migrations are only executed explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to change `getCreationTimestamp()` — it returns the timestamp that's also part of the file name. In the `update()` method, the changes you implement should always be non-destructive and **reversible**. 

The `updateDestructive()` method is the follow-up step run after `update()` and used for **destructive non-reversible changes**, such as dropping columns or tables. Destructive migrations are only executed explicitly.
```

| Option     | Meaning                                                                                                              |
|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| --bundle   | The name of the plugin, when not provided the command will generate a migration in the core                          |

> | --entities | Comma-separated list of the entities it should create migrations for, it will generate one migration file per entity |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --entities | Comma-separated list of the entities it should create migrations for; it will generate one migration file per entity |
```

## Advanced migration control

> Once you have become familiar with the migration process and the development flow, you may want to have finer control over the migrations performed during the installation and update. In this case the `MigrationCollection` which is only filled with your specific migrations, can be accessed via the `InstallContext` and all its subclasses (UpdateContext, ActivateContext, ...). A plugin must reject the automatic execution of migrations in order to have control over the migrations that are executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have become familiar with the migration process and the development flow, you may want to have finer control over the migrations performed during the installation and update. To do this, you can access the `MigrationCollection` through the `InstallContext` and its subclasses, including `UpdateContext` and `ActivateContext`. This collection contains only the migrations specific to your plugin.

To control which migrations are executed, your plugin must opt out of automatic migration execution.
```
